=== RAW NOTE ===
The patient is 58 years of age and has a history of cranial aneurysm bleed. The patient was taken to cardiac catheterization suite where the right femoral region was prepped and draped in the usual sterile fashion. 1% lidocaine solution was used to infiltrate the skin overlying the right femoral artery. a thin-walled #18 gauge argon needle was used to cannulate the right femoral artery. a steel guidewire was inserted through the needle into the vascular lumen without resistance. a small nick was then made in the skin. the pressure was held. the needle was removed over the guidewire. next, a judkins left #4 catheter was advanced to the level of the ascending aorta under direct fluoroscopic visualization with the use of a guidewire. the guidewire was removed. the catheter was connected to the manifold and flushed. the ostium of the left main coronary artery was engaged. using hand injections of nonionic contrast material, the left coronary system was evaluated in several different views. Once an adequate study had been performed, the catheter was removed from the ostium of the left main coronary artery and a steel guidewire was inserted through the catheter. the catheter was then removed over the guidewire. next, a judkins right #4 catheter was advanced to the level of the ascending aorta under direct fluoroscopic visualization with the use of a guidewire. the guidewire was removed. the catheter was connected to the manifold and flushed. the catheter did slip into the left ventricle. during the rotation, the lvedp was

=== SOAP SUMMARY ===
The patient is 58 years of age and has a history of cranial aneurysm bleed. The patient was taken to cardiac catheterization suite where the right femoral region was prepped and draped in the usual sterile fashion. 1% lidocaine solution was used to infiltrate the skin overlying the right Femoral artery. A steel guidewire was inserted through the needle into the vascular lumen without resistance. The catheter was connected to the manifold and flushed.

=== FINAL NOTE (SOAP) ===
Encounter ID: PAT174_001
Date: 2025-11-02

SUBJECTIVE:
left heart catheterization, bilateral selective coronary angiography, saphenous vein graft angiography, left internal mammary artery angiography, and left ventriculography.

OBJECTIVE:
Vitals: trestbps=132; chol=224; fbs=0; restecg=0; thalach=173; exang=0; oldpeak=3.2; slope=2; ca=2; thal=3
Lab: heart catheterization, ventriculography, & angiography

ASSESSMENT:
The patient is 58 years of age and has a history of cranial aneurysm bleed. The patient was taken to cardiac catheterization suite where the right femoral region was prepped and draped in the usual sterile fashion. 1% lidocaine solution was used to infiltrate the skin overlying the right Femoral artery. A steel guidewire was inserted through the needle into the vascular lumen without resistance. The catheter was connected to the manifold and flushed.

PLAN:
procedures performed:,1.  left heart catheterization.,2.  bilateral selective coronary angiography.,3.  left ventriculogram was not performed.,indication: , non-st elevation mi.,procedure: , after risks, benefits, and alternatives of the above-mentioned procedure were explained in detail to the patient, informed consent was obtained both verbally and in writing.  the patient was taken to cardiac catheterization suite where the right femoral region was prepped and draped in the usual sterile fashion.  1% lidocaine solution was used to infiltrate the skin overlying the right femoral artery.  once adequate anesthesia had been obtained, a thin-walled #18 gauge argon needle was used to cannulate the right femoral artery.  a steel guidewire was inserted through the needle into the vascular lumen without resistance.  a small nick was then made in the skin.  the pressure was held.  the needle was removed over the guidewire.  next, a judkins left #4 catheter was advanced to the level of the ascending aorta under direct fluoroscopic visualization with the use of a guidewire.  the guidewire was removed.  the catheter was connected to the manifold and flushed.  the ostium of the left main coronary artery was engaged.  using hand injections of nonionic contrast material, the left coronary system was evaluated in several different views.  once an adequate study had been performed, the catheter was removed from the ostium of the left main coronary artery and a steel guidewire was inserted through the catheter.  the catheter was then removed over the guidewire.,next, a judkins right #4 catheter was advanced to the level of the ascending aorta under direct fluoroscopic visualization with the use of a guidewire.  the guidewire was removed.  the catheter was connected to manifold and flushed.  the catheter did slip into the left ventricle.  during the rotation, the lvedp was then measured.  the ostium of the right coronary artery was then engaged.  using hand injections of nonionic contrast material, the right coronary system was evaluated in several different views.  once adequate study has been performed, the catheter was then removed.  the sheath was lastly flushed for the final time.,findings:,left main coronary artery: , the left main coronary artery is a moderate caliber vessel, which bifurcates into the left anterior descending and circumflex arteries.  there is no evidence of any hemodynamically significant stenosis.,left anterior descending artery: , the lad is a moderate caliber vessel, which is subtotaled in its mid portion for approximately 1.5 cm to 1 cm with subsequent timi-i flow distally.  the distal portion was diffusely diseased.  the proximal portion otherwise shows minor luminal irregularities.  the first diagonal branch demonstrated minor luminal irregularities throughout.,circumflex artery:  ,the circumflex is a moderate caliber vessel, which traverses through the atrioventricular groove.  there is a 60% proximal lesion and a 90% mid lesion prior to the takeoff of the first obtuse marginal branch.  the first obtuse marginal branch demonstrates minor luminal irregularities throughout.,right coronary artery: , the rca is a moderate caliber vessel, which demonstrates a 90% mid stenotic lesion.  the dominant coronary artery gives off the posterior descending artery and posterolateral artery.  the left ventricular end-diastolic pressure was approximately 22 mmhg.  it should be noted that during injection of the contrast agent that there was st elevation in the inferior leads, which resolved after the injection was complete.,impression:,1.  three-vessel coronary artery disease involving a subtotaled left anterior descending artery with timi-i flow distally and 90% circumflex lesion and 90% right coronary artery lesion.,2.  mildly elevated left-sided filling pressures.,plan:,1.  the patient will be transferred to providence hospital today for likely pci of the mid lad lesion with a surgical evaluation for a coronary artery bypass grafting.  these findings and plan were discussed in detail with the patient and the patient's family.  the patient is agreeable.,2.  the patient will be continued on aggressive medical therapy including beta-blocker, aspirin, ace inhibitor, and statin therapy.  the patient will not be placed on plavix secondary to the possibility for coronary bypass grafting.  in light of the patient's history of cranial aneurysmal bleed, the patient will be held off of lovenox and integrilin.

ICD-10 Suggestions:
 - I724 :    Aneurysm of artery of lower extremity (score=0.657)
 - S75011D : Minor laceration of femoral artery, right leg, subsequent encounter (score=0.654)
 - S85011D : Laceration of popliteal artery, right leg, subsequent encounter (score=0.564)
 - I721 :    Aneurysm of artery of upper extremity (score=0.435)
 - S75011A : Minor laceration of femoral artery, right leg, initial encounter (score=0.422)

